#Spring Boot Rest with java modules in embedded tomcat  
##Objective: launching spring boot rest applications with JPMS.

###Steps

A) Edit setenv.bat file.  

B) In command prompt launch the following.
1. build-regular.bat
2. run-regular.bat

Visit http://localhost:8080/greeting  
Also note the modules listed in console.  
Stop the server.  

C) In command prompt launch the following.  
1. build-modular.bat  
2. run-modular.bat  

Visit http://localhost:8080/greeting  
Also note the modules listed in console.  
Stop the server. 

D) Run ant build.xml to generate a verify/badjar.jar file.  
Its the same jar file as generated by  build-regular.bat.  
There is just a small difference-
module-info.class is almost empty.

Can launch this bad jar using run-badjar.bat  
Visit http://localhost:8080/greeting  
Also note the modules listed in console.  
Stop the server. 

Currently having only .bat files.

Note: This is a simple example. If the same is attempted with more dependencies the concepts are the same, one will have to resolve split packages and even exclude some dependencies in pom as needed.

###Main Conclusion: 
1. If we were to run the application using java -jar ie traditional fat jar way then we are really not leveraging java modules fully at runtime. During build time it certainly is being used. But not at actual runtime as we can see by comparing the console outputs and also by the bad jar experiment where we just replaced the module-info.class.
2. If we want to leverage java modules we must launch using java -p or java --module-path and avoid fat jar as of now.





